throughout life as the diagram that explain what a human being is
what is the universe of the relationship between
the human being and the universe we already know what the lawyer ed is a diagram
universal and everything that is reflected
here in this symbolism
creation system
so there's nothing we can think of that is not represented here
no small grandchild grand spirit there is nothing in the human being
that is not represented here there is nothing in the creation of the universes
the worlds the galaxies of the past present and future that is not
represented here
It is a universal diagram
and this has been created by teachers of wisdom and is so well done that it does not
incorporates everything
It has different levels of interpretation
and it is also considered that inside each impular montero sphere so
we can
this has robbed him and made it very complex so study it from a point of
view assis
but enough i also very complete itself
as we have it afa hours
we are making a look follow the bird's eye style of the spheres
of the tree and its relationship
and like those spheres that is
which in Hebrew is called the stretched and populated style like those spheres
explain our composition
How are we created? How do we work? What are our levels?
we have seen in general terms that these spheres down here
it represented personality this his physical body of the level of
the excess emotions the mental plane and from here up this triangle is
a spiritual level or and the triangles bring down those divine level
all this is part of our nature is the description of what
it is a true human being the human being
in his unfoldment he first realizes that he has a body and he does
grow an emotional level finally the mental level then discovered the
he branded the iraq he finally discovers that he is a divine being that I will be incarnate
on the face of the earth and with all of this they develop the capabilities
teachers of wisdom ane have explained